Yes 1 million
What's more, the next contestant is also a man-machine
It's none of his business
Whatever comes next
Then you will take the money to earn popularity
Think about it.
What are you considering?
Do it now!
Come and sign
Hey
Big watch as long as you have the concept of millions
As long as you win
If you want to eat Australian dragon king crab, I will buy it for you.
1 million 1 million 1 million 1 million 1 million 1 million
I hit you, what is this Xiao guy doing?
That silly boy has been seriously injured
He wants to let him compete again
The snake swallows the heart
He has been eaten down by 1 million spring breeze
He won't give up easily
Miss
We can trade 10 million for this fool
Blood is not profitable
It's useless.
This kid has become his cash cow
Don't talk about 10 million
100 million is just a matter of time
He won't give up easily
It's a pity that this kid's peerless talent in his life
You don't get that in the World Series.
On the contrary, it was quietly unscrupulous in a small place like Jiangcheng
Gu Haoran
Why is he here?
It is said that this Gu Haoran is non-civil and military
The museum remembers the strongest trust after Wu Fei and Long Wei
Become the king of fame at a young age
The former is limitless
Some even call him the next Long Fei
He is not worthy of Long Fei, but he is a master of transformation
The youth of the May 5th Contest formed a
The true skills of the younger generation
He wants to be able to operate with flying boxes
Then successfully put it into my hands first
Miss
Shouldn't the tomboy's next opponent be him?